docs(wrap): add related component tips (#7666)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/wrap.mdx

<Wrap />
```

:::tip

> If you do not need wrapping and want a general flex layout instead, consider using [Flex](/docs/components/flex).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not need wrapping and want a general flex layout instead, use [Flex](/docs/components/flex).
```
